what is going on guys cashier and
welcome to a special video I figured
since I do hunger games on my channel I
might as well do with top three hunger
games for minecraft 1.5.2 and probably
through 1.6 and beyond but the reason
I'm doing this is because I've seen a
lot of top threes and not to be a dick
but they're just totally wrong and I'm
not saying I know everything about
Hunger Game Servers but I feel like
because my channel is based off Hunger
Games you know I've been through a lot
of Hunger Games servers trying to find
the best and these this is what I've
come up with so coming in at number
three and it's not even close to two or
one but it would have to be the uber
craft servers and the reason I say this
is because uber craft it's so it's so
big the game size is gonna be 200 people
you know or not not in the game but the
server has 200 people in it and then
you're trying to you're trying to get in
the game and a map built for 24 people
or something like that 40 or 50 people
are playing on it and it just makes the
gameplay kind of crappy and there's no
crafting involved and it's just kind of
all over the place and it's also super
laggy but if one and two are down then I
would come play this one now coming in
at number two and his head and heels
way better than minecraft HG which is
the server IP which is uber craft would
be Beijing Canadiens new fridge servers
now the fridge servers were modeled off
what I think is number one and I'm sure
a lot of people on my channel know what
number one is but III think the fridge
servers are pretty cool it there it adds
a whole different aspect to it because
instead of finding an iron sword like
you would an uber craft in the chest
you're gonna be more you're gonna find
iron ingots throughout the game you're
gonna have to craft a better weapon than
stone I mean you'll find iron armor and
things like that there is an in-game
store which is pretty cool and and but
the best part about it is there's thirty
dedicated servers and only 24 people can
get in the game at a time so that's one
thing that's really cool and right now
they have three to four custom-made Maps
just for them which is really cool so if
you're looking to play some new map
I would definitely go in the fridge
servers getting into a game might be an
issue but because they're early in there
I guess
being around as a server then you
shouldn't have too much of an issue
considering they have a lot of servers
now coming in at number one and it's
very similar to the fridge in a lot of
ways would be mcsg servers also known as
minecraft survival games and these I
play both the fridge and mcsg on my
channel and I just think that mcsg is by
far the best I mean the fridge comes
close but it's definitely gonna be
better than any of those hunger games
that you find in mini games a lot mini
game lobbies like you just get in Joyner
like a hypixel Lobby that has quake and
you know super craft Bros and all that
like creation worlds and stuff like that
you're gonna want to Hunger Games that
is dedicated to Hunger Games so that the
mcsg they have about a hundred and
twenty ish servers dedicated to Hunger
Games they have 50 US servers 50
European servers and then I believe some
Canadian and Australian servers and it's
just you're looking to have a blast
playing The Hunger Games then I would
join mcsg the only problem is you will
have to pay membership to get in I mean
you don't have to it's still free but
getting in during the day is gonna be a
pain in the ass and but it's so worth it
I pay it every month I've paid it for
the past four months cuz it's literally
that fun and it's definitely the best
Hunger Games experience that you're
gonna get in my opinion the fridge does
come close the fridge is very different
I like pointing both of them so I think
with the combo of one and two and then
three if both of them are just not
working for you today or whatever you're
playing then I think you know that
that's gonna fly so I hope this helped
and helped made a decision or helped you
guys out with some servers you want to
play but these are just my opinions and
you know so don't be too critical on me
but yeah guys I hope you enjoyed and I
hope this helped alright guys
[Music]